So, now we will make a header, a header component.
So, for the header component, which we also call navbar, we will go to the source folder
and again go to the components and make a new component named navbar.jsx.
So, we will make a component named navbar.
Now, sorry, I have done the naqbar by mistake, so I will rename it again.
So, this is navbar, okay.
Now, from here, you will have to do rafce, you will have to run the command there.
After this, what you will have to do is, here in navbar, first of all, we will use the tag named header.
So, first of all, we will come here and use the tag named header.
Before that, we will select the language here, jsx.
So, you know the way to select the language.
Now, in the right corner, you will have to type javascript.
You have to click on that and type jsx.
You will write header and enter, so the header tag will be created.
In this, we will bring another tag named nav.
We will use the tag named nav.
We will give it a class name, navbar.
We will enter.
Now, there will be two things in navbar.
The first will be logo and the second will be a link named home.
So, we will do image and we will give its class name logo.
And we will give it image source.
So, image source will be our logo which we will provide in the links.
So, you have to use that image source.
And we will give it a name on the logo.
So, we will enter its source later.
After that, we have to create an unordered list.
And we have to give its class name navlinks.
We have to create a list element in it.
And we have to enter anchor tag in it.
Anchor tag means link tag.
And href will be forward slash.
Because this link tag is representing home only.
So, basically we will give the link of home.
So, we have done nothing.
We have put the logo here.
After that, we have put a link.
To click on it, the user will come to the top.
Means, it will come to home.
After that, it didn't have any meaning.
But we have put it so that our navbar looks good.
So, some content will be shown in our navbar.
Ok.
After that, what you have to do is,
First, you have to download the logo from the link.
And after downloading the logo,
you have to go to the source folder from the office.
And here, you have to create a new folder named assets.
Assets.
And in this assets folder, we will put our images.
So, right now, we have one.
The name which I have given is mainlogo.png.
So, this will be the logo.
So, we will use this logo.
So, you have to download it and save it in assets with this name.
After that, you will come to your navbar.
And you will import that logo here.
You will import it.
And you will give it a name on the logo.
You will import it with the name of the logo.
And actually, I have put it.
You will import it by putting the logo.
You will do from.
From where you have to import it.
From.
You are importing it from the folder named assets.
So,
Dot.
Slash.
Assets.
In this, you have to do it with your mainlogo.png.
Now, here, you have imported your logo.
Now, you have to go to the source to show it.
And here, you have to just type logo.
So, now, we have put the logo here.
After this, what we have to do is.
We have to give it css.
And after that, we have to import navbar in app.js.
So, for this, we will make css.
So, first, we will go to our css folder.
In the css folder.
In that, we will click and create a new file here.
We will name it navbar.css.
navbar.css.
And you will also get the same css in the code section.
So, you will pick up its css and put it here.
See, basically, this is the meaning of giving you css.
That css is a very basic thing.
And you can get this thing anywhere on the web.
But the logic that you use while calling API.
States.
Hooks.
When you are making all these things.
When you are using props.
When you are using object destructuring.
You have to enhance these things by yourself.
You have to understand these things by yourself.
So, this basically enhances your problem solving ability.
You can do styling easily.
So, this is the small style sheet of our navbar.
After this, what we have to do is to import it.
So, to import, you will go here and import.
import navbar.css.
And in this, you will import navbar.css.
So, here you have imported it.
After this, you will have to import the navbar component in the app.
And where in the app?
At the very top.
You will have to import it here at the top.
So, here we have made a div named app.
Basically, we will show everything inside this.
So, we will have to import it inside this.
So, here we will import navbar.css.
And after doing this, a forward slash will come.
And now we have to import it at the top.
But for this, I will tell you a shortcut.
You select navbar like this.
After pressing control, press spacebar.
And it will give you a suggestion.
You have to click on it.
It will be imported automatically.
Here, your navbar has been imported.
Now, what you have to do is,
first of all, you have to check in the terminal
whether there is any error or not.
So, there is no error on the terminal.
Now, let's go and check on the browser directly.
So, here you can see that our navbar is showing properly.
And you must have noticed one more thing.
This find fair was very low.
This button was below.
After this, it was something different.
Here, the styling was not good.
It means it was not adjusted.
But as soon as you put it, it was adjusted automatically.
So, it is according to the CSS that we did.
So, now you can see that we have the logo here.
It has come.
And after this, your home button has also come.
So, basically, it reloads as soon as we click on it.
Now, after this, the second thing that comes is footer.
So, now what do we do?
We go and put the footer.
So, what do we have to do for this?
First of all, you have to go to the components folder.
You have to click on it.
And here you have to make a new file.
By doing footer.jsx.
Now, our footer.
Let me rename it.
I have done something wrong.
Footer.jsx.
Okay.
Now, our footer.
Our footer is very small.
So, you can directly copy the code of the footer from here.
You can paste it from the code section.
Because our footer is very small.
There is nothing in it.
And in that, we just.
The same thing that we put in the footer of the movie mania.
Date, year, everything is the same.
It is exactly the same.
So, you can see.
And here, the footer of the movie mania is almost the same.
And here, what do you have to do by removing the movie mania?
You have to write flights here.
Flights.
Okay.
So, you have used the same footer.
Just by using its color.
You have used it for this.
So, you can reuse the code like this.
It is a very good thing.
So that your work is saved.
You don't have to reinvent the wheel.
So, as soon as you did this.
After that, you check the terminal once again.
And there is no error coming here.
Let's see in the browser again.
And in the browser, we have to import the footer in our code first.
So, what do we have to do for that?
We have to come to our code.
We have to go to the bottom.
And just below the main, we have to import the footer.
We will write the footer.
Forward slash.
And here we will select the footer.
And control and space bar.
And here our footer has been imported.
As soon as the footer is imported, you have to check the terminal.
And here there is an error.
Navbar is not defined.
Okay.
So, actually, what happened here was that the import of the navbar was removed by mistake.
You don't have to do anything here.
I will quickly import the navbar.
Yes.
Okay.
So, the footer has also come.
Now, once we will go to our browser.
And after going to the browser, let's check it once.
Let's see whether our footer has come or not.
So, our data which we had searched is already there.
We will come to the bottom.
So, see, our footer has come.
Let's reload the site once.
And our footer which is at the bottom has come.
So, from here our project of flights is finally over.
And if you ever have to check the prices and details of flights from now on,
then you have your own site.
You can check it.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.